[Music]
hi guys and Kieko welcome to guitar
techniques
I think except some American guitar
players they use because they take learn
from the country music yeah but in
Brazil have the tradition of plane was
an Albany I said I started studying
acoustic guitar writer at last I said a
lot of this the freakin thing
[Music]
so to use because it can do like some
strings keeping that yeah
[Music]
you
so again you can use this technique with
some distortion something more
aggressive
[Music]
you can do some vector it
[Applause]
[Music]
I think it's very important to study it
try it differently you know I think a
lot when I gonna improvise court by
Court
like the jazz play of this yeah yeah
yeah so if I have a harmonious one scale
yeah so then you have to start studying
first first of all the try
[Music]